<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t-avocadotoast">
    <title>Avocado Toast</title>
    <shortdesc>Avocado toast is so trendy right now and allows you to come up with new twists and variations on the original.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq> This recipe requires a skillet and a knife. You will also need the following ingredients:
            <ul>
                <li audience="armando">6 oz baby portobello mushrooms, washed and sliced</li>
                <li audience="armando">1 1/2 Tbsp olive oil</li> 
                <li>1 avocado
                    <note>Peel back the stem of the avocado to check for ripeness. If it comes away easily and is green underneath it is ripe and ready to eat. </note>
                </li>
                <li>1 lime, halved</li>
                <li id="saltpepper"></li>
                <li>optional: chili flakes to taste</li>
                <li>2 slices of bread</li>               
            </ul>
            
        </prereq>
        <context>
            <ul>
                <li>Prep time: 10 minutes</li>
                <li audience="armando">Cook time: 15 minutes </li>
                <li>Cook time: 5 minutes</li>
                <li>Serves: 1</li>
            </ul>
            <p>Directions:</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step audience="armando">
                <cmd>Add the oil to a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add in the sliced mushrooms and sauté for 8-12 minutes or until golden brown, stirring occasionally but not too often</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Slice open the avocado</cmd>
                <substeps>
                <substep audience="armando">
                    <cmd>Grip the avocado gently on one side with one hand. With a sharp knife, cut the avocado lengthwise around the pit</cmd>
                </substep>
                <substep audience="armando">
                    <cmd>Gently tap the pit with a knife with enough force so that the knife edge wedges into the pit, but not so hard as to cut all the way through it</cmd>
                </substep>
                <substep audience="armando">
                    <cmd>With the edge of the knife, twist the pit out of the avocado and discard</cmd>
                </substep>
                </substeps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Add the flesh of the avocado to a bowl along with the juice of one lime.</cmd>
                </step>
                    <cmd>Use a fork to mash the avocado and season with salt and pepper and chili flakes (optional)</cmd>
                </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Toast the slices of bread</cmd> <note audience="armando">Check out this list of breads to be sure that you're buying vegan.</note>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
